[cli] add README for TCP CLI tool (#6857)
openthread/openthread: src/cli/README_TCP.md

# OpenThread CLI - TCP Example

The OpenThread TCP APIs may be invoked via the OpenThread CLI.

## Quick Start

### Form Network

Form a network with at least two devices.

### Node 1

On node 1, initialize the TCP CLI module and listen for incoming connections using the example TCP listener.

```bash
> tcp init
> tcp listen :: 30000
```

The `::` specifies the IPv6 Unspecified Address.

### Node 2

On node 2, initialize the TCP CLI module, connect to node 1, and send a simple message.

```bash
> tcp init
> tcp connect fe80:0:0:0:a8df:580a:860:ffa4 30000
> tcp send hello
```

### Result

After running the `tcp connect` command on node 1, you should see a printout on node 1 similar to below:
```bash
TCP: Connection established
```

> After running the `tcp connect` command on node 1, you should see a printout on node 2 similar to below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running the `tcp connect` command on node 2, you should see a printout on node 2 similar to below:
```

Author: I think the original text is correct. You only ever run `tcp connect` on node 1 in that example. On node 2, you run `tcp listen` but not `tcp connect`.

Reviewer: Ah, yes, I read it too quickly. I think it would be slightly more natural to say something like:
```suggestion
In addition, you should also see a printout on node 2 similar to below:
```
Thoughts?

Author: I'm happy with this. I'll update the pull request.
